Product Requirements Document

Name: Conor A. O'Malley

Product Name: MeowTillery

Background:
Entertainment is a fundamental desire of consumers the world over. There are endless numbers of people who are constantly searching for new and exciting forms of entertainment. This is where MeowTillery comes in. MeowTillery targets cat lovers, people who enjoy a lighter take on things, and individuals who enjoy fast-paced action games. It utilizes a 2D format along with a pixel art style. Notably, 2D games have grown greatly in popularity over these past few years with games such as Hollow Knight. Likewise, fast paced action games have also become much more popular with games like Doom or Doom Eternal being massively popular amongst Fast-paced first-person shooter enthusiasts, and this game is aiming to target a similar demographic. So, this product tries to appeal to gamers following wider trends in the gaming industry.

Product Overview:
MeowTillery is a fast-paced 2D action game. This game utilizes a wide variety of enemies including bosses all with interesting designs. This game relies on a dual management and action gameplay loop. This loop revolves around balancing out your ability to make money and level up cats to facilitate further upgrades to your defenses. However, you can also raise your cats themselves to become fearsome weapons. These weapons are each unique to each cat, and can be cultivated via increasing their level. However, losing out on high levelled cats will cause you to lose money and potentially increase defenses. This unique balancing act keeps players engaged and motivated to keep going through this gameplay loop.
Now, this is all occurring behind the backdrop of an engaging story which focuses on the journey of Squango, an unfortunate outcast and misfit, who earns the Cat Cafe via a brutal life and death struggle. Now, having gotten the Cafe, Squango will face all new challenges from within his new community as many new members won't accept him as a member. Thus, Squango must brutally carve a path through his many enemies and various opponents to finally become truly free to be a part of the community and to make it as a cat cafe owner.

Features:
As a player, I want to store items, so that I can use them later.
As a player, I want to interact with characters, so that I can be more immersed into the setting and world.
As a player, I want to be able to easily access items, so that I can quickly switch between items and equip them quickly.
As a developer, I want to have multiple cohesive systems, so I want a fully integrated and standardized inventory system for easy updates.
As a player, I want to be able to equip items, so that I can use them.
As a player, I want to be able to equip clothing and armors, so that I can customize my appearance or add greater protection.
As a player, I want to be able to interact with the cats, so that I can become invested as a cat cafe manager.
As a developer, I want the player to interact with the cats, so that they may confront moral conflicts and dilemmas when changing cats into weapons, so that they may get further interested in the game and setting.
Technologies to be used:
The project will make extensive use of Godot as the main programming language. It will also utilize JSON for managing what items exist in-game. It will also utilize functions from Godot extended libraries as a way to add GitHub Integration. 
